[
  {
    "speaker": "grahampaige",
    "content": "Welcome everyone. Let's begin discussion on: Agenda Item No. 3.2: High School Renovation Project - The board will consider approval of funding for major facility improvements at the high school, including building four new science laboratories and repairing the athletic fields. The science lab construction is projected to cost $1,240,400 spread over four years, while athletic field repairs are included in the same package. These upgrades aim to improve STEM instruction and student access to safe extracurricular facilities.. Who would like to start?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "Thanks, Graham. I think it\u2019s important we hear from Ellen first since she was so instrumental in getting us here. Ellen, could you tell us how you see the timeline fitting into the overall renovation plan?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "Thanks, David. I think the phased timeline makes sense\u2014especially spreading out the lab costs. But I wonder, Kate, how much flexibility do we have if unexpected delays pop up? And Jon, how are we tracking progress on those field safety assessments?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "Thank you, Ellen. I think we're doing pretty well on tracking, but maybe we need to check in more frequently. I know we had some concerns last year about the football field."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Kate. I appreciate that update. Maybe we should look at having monthly progress checks specifically for the labs and fields.  \n\nI'm curious, Ellen\u2014how confident are we that the phasing won\u2019t slow down STEM curriculum improvements?  \n\nAnd Jon, did any of the recent safety assessments raise red flags?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "Judi, I appreciate that suggestion\u2014I think monthly updates would help. Jon, what specific issues came up during those assessments? And Judi, I\u2019d say we\u2019re cautiously optimistic about pacing, but let\u2019s be sure we don\u2019t compromise teacher planning time. Does that feel manageable?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "Thanks, Judi. I think it does feel manageable, but I agree that we should keep a close eye on it.  Kate, when do you expect the final plans for the new science labs to be completed?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "I hope they'll be ready early next year. I'd like to get them reviewed before we move forward."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "Thank you, Jon, for answering my question. Kate, can you please send me the link to the final plans once they're available? It would be helpful to review them ahead of time. Judi, do you think monthly updates would be enough or should we meet quarterly instead?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "Katrin, I\u2019ll make sure you get the link as soon as it\u2019s available. Judi, maybe we should try monthly for now and adjust based on feedback.  \nKate, just to confirm\u2014are we still on track for initial design work starting by July?  \nEllen, I\u2019m wondering\u2014do we have enough oversight built into this schedule to catch potential problems early?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "I believe we are. I think the project manager has been very diligent about keeping things moving."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Kate. That\u2019s reassuring.  \nMaybe we should require the PM to report any scheduling hiccups right away, though.  \nEllen, do you think we\u2019ve got enough buy-in from department heads on the timeline?  \nAnd Jon\u2014could we get an early draft of those assessment findings shared with the committee?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "David, yes, I think we\u2019ve got good buy-in\u2014but let\u2019s confirm with each head. Jon, yes, please share early drafts. Kate, I\u2019d like to see a copy of the PM\u2019s risk log too. Judi, maybe we should add a quick note about reporting hiccups in the contract? Please assign someone to check that."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "Okay, I will do that. Judi, I've got one other question for you. Do you think we're going to need additional space in the new labs beyond what's currently planned?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "Jon, I'm glad you brought that up because I have a similar concern. Judi, do you think there's room for growth in these labs, or will they quickly become outdated again? Also, Jon, can you explain why you're asking that?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "Jon, I think your point deserves attention\u2014we should probably talk to the science department about future capacity. Judi, can we pull together a brief survey for science teachers?  \nKatrin, I\u2019d really appreciate seeing your thoughts on long-term scalability too.  \nKate, can you arrange a meeting between the science team and the architects within the next two weeks?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "I think that's a reasonable request. I'd like to go ahead and do that."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Kate. I appreciate that.\nDavid, I think a teacher survey sounds useful\u2014can we do that by mid-June?\nAnd Katrin, I agree\u2014the labs shouldn\u2019t just solve today\u2019s issues; they should prepare for tomorrow\u2019s classes.\nJon, were you thinking about specialized equipment or enrollment increases?\nAlso, I\u2019d love to see what kind of tech integration the architects are considering."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "Well, I guess I was mostly thinking about increased enrollment, but that\u2019s a great idea. I think we should definitely get that input sooner rather than later. Judi, I think you said you wanted to do that survey by mid-June. Would you mind sending me a copy of it when it\u2019s done?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "Jon, please send me a copy when you get it. Judi, can you loop in the science leads early? And Katrin, let\u2019s make sure the architects consider smart classrooms too\u2014what do you think?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "I agree, Ellen, that we should consider smart classrooms. Judi, could you please email me the results of that survey when it's complete so I can give them to the technology director? Jon, can you please send me a copy of the survey results after you receive them?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Katrin. Judi, I know you mentioned wanting to do the survey by mid-June. Is that still on track?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "Judi, I'm sorry, did you say you were going to send out the survey by mid-June? If so, can you please send me a copy when it's ready?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "Judi, I\u2019d really appreciate a copy of the survey draft by June 10th. \nKatrin, please let me know if you want a summary of the results sent over. \nJon, I think we should build a clause into the architect agreement requiring regular progress reports\u2014can you look into that?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "Sure, I'll do that. David, how frequently do you think those reports should come in?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "Probably monthly would be fine."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "grahampaige",
    "content": "Ok, that's enough, we will now vote privately.  We are voting on Agenda Item No. 3.2: Should the board approve funding of $1,240,400 over four years for new science labs, along with athletic field repairs at the high school?.  If each of you could please record your vote in the chat, I will tally them up and announce the results."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "yes",
    "vote": "yes",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "yes",
    "vote": "yes",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "yes",
    "vote": "yes",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "yes",
    "vote": "yes",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "yes",
    "vote": "yes",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "no",
    "vote": "no",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "grahampaige",
    "content": "Okay, thanks everyone. The motion carries unanimously.",
    "vote": "abstain",
    "private": true
  }
]