[
  {
    "speaker": "grahampaige",
    "content": "Welcome everyone. Let's begin discussion on: Agenda Item No. 3.2: High School Renovation Project - The board will consider approval of funding for major facility improvements at the high school, including building four new science laboratories and repairing the athletic fields. The science lab construction is projected to cost $1,240,400 spread over four years, while athletic field repairs are included in the same package. These upgrades aim to improve STEM instruction and student access to safe extracurricular facilities.. Who would like to start?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "Thanks, Graham.  \nI\u2019m really glad we\u2019re doing this\u2014especially since it\u2019s so important to get our labs upgraded.  \nMaybe we could check in with Kate about how she thinks the timeline works?  \nIs there anything else we need to know before moving forward?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "Thank you, David.\n\nI think we're looking at starting the work next summer, right?\n\nAnd then, hopefully, being able to move into those labs by fall of '26."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Kate.\n\nThat timeline makes sense, but I wonder\u2014do we have enough oversight built in?  \n\nWould anyone mind sharing what kind of progress checks we\u2019ll be doing throughout each phase?\n\nAlso, does anyone think we\u2019ve got adequate staffing or training lined up for when those labs open?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "Thanks, Judith.\n\nKate, maybe we could confirm who'll oversee the construction phases?\n\nJudith, do you think we've considered involving teachers early in planning these labs?\n\nDavid, could you help us understand why we're spreading the cost over four years instead of doing it sooner?\n\nGraham, do we have any data showing how much safer the repaired fields will be?\n\nKatrina, did we look at whether existing staff can handle the new equipment?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "Thank you all for the comments. \n\nThis is going to be exciting, especially for our kids.\n\nI guess I'm wondering, though, where's the middle ground here?\n\nWhat do we want to do for the long-term future, versus just getting through the immediate crisis?\n\nAre we going to build something sustainable for our students' futures? Or are we just patching things up until they break again?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "Hi, Judith, good morning. I hope you don't mind me jumping in. Maybe we could go back to Kate real quick. I see you nodding. Are we sure we're going to get them done by fall of '26? I'd love to hear more about the project schedule and phasing because I know we're doing multiple projects simultaneously across different schools. So I think it's worth having that conversation."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Katrina.\nI agree\u2014we should make sure we\u2019re not stretching ourselves too thin.\nCould someone walk us through exactly how these timelines interact with other ongoing projects?\nDo we know if delays in one area could impact another?\nAnd maybe we could double-check\u2014does the phased approach mean any part of this won\u2019t be ready until later than expected?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "Judith, I appreciate your concern.\nIt seems like we might need to revisit the phasing plan\u2014could we please get clarity on that?\nIf we're relying on the summer window, is that realistic given past experience?\nKate, do you think we can actually finish everything by \u201926, or is that optimistic?\nI\u2019d hate for us to promise something we can\u2019t deliver."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "Well, I think we had an update last week. \nWe were told by the architect that they thought we could complete the project by June of '26. \nSo my understanding was that that was still the target date. \nBut let me check with our superintendent, who has been working closely with Mr. Gougeley."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Kate.\nBefore we go further, can we please get confirmation from the superintendent on that June deadline?\nI\u2019d also appreciate knowing\u2014have we accounted for possible supply chain delays in that timeline?\nAnd maybe we could check\u2014does that schedule allow time for teacher training once the labs are ready?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "Judith, could we please verify with the superintendent that June '26 is still solid?  \nKate, do you think we\u2019ve factored in potential material shortages affecting that date?  \nJudith, wouldn\u2019t it be helpful to know if teachers get training during the summer?  \nGraham, should we confirm that no other projects interfere with this one\u2019s timing?  \nDavid, what happens if we miss that June goal\u2014how do we adjust?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "You know, Judith, I'm thinking ahead.\nWhen do we think we'll be able to bring our seniors back into those labs?\nAnd if we're talking about spring 2026, is that soon enough for them to benefit from this upgrade?\nBecause I think they're going to be the ones most impacted by it."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Jonno.\nI appreciate that point\u2014our seniors deserve timely access.\nCan we clarify when seniors would actually use those labs post-completion?\nAlso, do we have any idea how many seniors will be taking advanced science courses in 2025-2026?\nAnd maybe\u2014would it be possible to fast-track parts of this for upperclassmen, even if others come later?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "Sorry to interrupt. Jonno, I appreciate you bringing up the seniors. I think it's very important that we keep them in mind. And while I agree with you, Judith, that we should try to train teachers before they begin using them, I think it's reasonable to expect that they'll learn along the way. But I'm curious. Do we have data on how many students will be taking lab-based classes at that time? Because that might affect how quickly we roll out certain features."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "Judith, I\u2019m concerned about the timeline.  \nDo we really believe we can finish by June \u201826?  \nKate, can you confirm with the superintendent that there aren\u2019t hidden risks?  \nJonno, how critical is it that seniors get full access right away?  \nJudith, do we know how many seniors will take lab sciences next year?  \nLet\u2019s make sure we\u2019re not setting expectations we can\u2019t meet."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "I think we have two major issues with the timeline.\nOne is, does the work start in July, or earlier?\nThe second is, are we counting on supplies being available?\nAnd then the third is, what kind of disruption will occur in the classroom?\nI think we have some challenges around scheduling, but I'm hoping that our superintendent will give us an update."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Kate.\nThat\u2019s helpful\u2014but can we please get a clear answer on whether construction starts in July?\nI worry that waiting that long could push everything else back.\nAnd honestly, I\u2019d like to see a backup plan\u2014if materials are delayed, what\u2019s our fallback?\nMaybe we could assign someone to track supply availability weekly?\nAnd David\u2014I\u2019ll say it plainly: if we\u2019re uncertain about the timeline, shouldn\u2019t we pause and reassess?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "Judith, can we confirm construction *definitely* starts in July?\nKate, do we know if the lead times for key materials are secure?\nJonno, how urgent is senior access compared to overall completion?\nJudith, if delays happen, should we delay opening entirely\u2014or phase in just the essentials?\nDavid, should we pause until we\u2019re confident about the schedule?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "Thank you all for raising good points.\nI've got to admit, I don't know how much longer we can wait to move forward.\nBut I think we're gonna need some help here.\nWould someone please contact Ms. Coughlin and get her input on this?\nAnd then, if she says yes, could we please send a note to Dr. Smith asking him to call off his vacation and join us next month?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "Jonno, I appreciate you saying that. I'm glad you brought that up because I am wondering if we're making progress on getting approval from the superintendent. I think he'd be pretty instrumental in helping us determine where we stand. So I guess I'm going to echo your request and ask that somebody reach out to him."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "Jud, I agree\u2014we need clarity.\nKate, can you please confirm with the superintendent whether construction truly starts in July?\nJonno, do you think we can afford to wait another month without a firm commitment?\nJudith, if we don\u2019t hear back by Friday, should we escalate this?\nAnd Katrin\u2014do you think the superintendent is blocking progress?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "I mean, I hope not. I certainly hope he isn't. I think he has been working hard to coordinate these things. I guess my concern is that we haven't gotten word yet, so I feel like we're sort of stuck. Maybe we should set up a meeting between Mr. Page and Mr. Galloway to discuss timelines and see if we can get something more concrete than what we currently have."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "Well, let me respond to David.\nWe did talk last week about having a meeting with Superintendent Smith and Mr. Page, but I don't recall exactly when it was scheduled.\nI suspect that it wasn't rescheduled after the holiday recess.\nSo I guess I'd suggest that we go ahead and schedule such a meeting now, perhaps next week, unless anyone objects."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "Thanks, Kate.\nI appreciate that.\nCould we please assign someone to set that meeting\u2014ideally by Thursday?\nAnd David, I\u2019d love to hear what you think about moving forward with a joint session.\nKatrina, I wonder if we\u2019ve considered giving Dr. Smith a heads-up that we\u2019re looking for clarity by next week.\nIf he knows we\u2019re pushing, maybe he\u2019ll prioritize it.\nAnd Jonno\u2014can you confirm if the lab upgrades were included in the original master plan?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "Judith, can we confirm if the lab upgrades were actually in the original master plan?\nKatrina, should we email Dr. Smith directly to flag the urgency?\nJonno, would you please check the original plans and report back?\nDavid, do you think we can afford to wait another week without answers?\nKate, can you assign someone to set that meeting by Thursday?"
  },
  {
    "speaker": "grahampaige",
    "content": "Ok, that's enough, we will now vote privately.  We are voting on Agenda Item No. 3.2: Should the board approve funding of $1,240,400 over four years for new science labs, along with athletic field repairs at the high school?.  If each of you could please record your vote in the chat, I will tally them up and announce the results."
  },
  {
    "speaker": "davidoberg",
    "content": "yes",
    "vote": "yes",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "kateacuff",
    "content": "no",
    "vote": "no",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "judyle",
    "content": "After reviewing the discussion, I believe prioritizing special education funding is the right choice.\nIt addresses a long-standing need and supports equity in our schools.",
    "vote": "yes",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "ellenosborne",
    "content": "yes",
    "vote": "yes",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "jonnoalcaro",
    "content": "Yes.",
    "vote": "abstain",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "katrinacallsen",
    "content": "I voted yes because while I do have concerns about the specific details around timing and who needs to sign off on certain aspects of this project, I also recognize that there is a lot of momentum behind this effort. The students deserve better science labs and improved facilities. It seems like a worthwhile investment in our future generations.",
    "vote": "abstain",
    "private": true
  },
  {
    "speaker": "grahampaige",
    "content": "OK, thank you very much for those votes.  And since there were no objections to the motion, I'll declare that the motion passes unanimously.",
    "vote": "abstain",
    "private": true
  }
]